Welcome to choose your own adventure.
Get ready for the thrilling tale of dragons and brunches.
Will you get help from Grew and/or Denevieve?
Will you be eaten by a dragon?

Only you can decide....

What would you like to do?

 1. I am ready for this story!
One day, a strange old wizard comes to your village and tells you that
there is an evil dragon lurking in the hills. This wizard's story explains
why the village's goats and cows have been going missing lately.

The wizard tells you: "It is up to you, hero, to stop this dragon. Nobody
else in this village is foolish...errrr I mean brave enough to stop this
dragon." 

The wizard offers you a choice of one of three magic items to help you on
your quest. 

The first is a magic whistle that lets you make any bird call that you
want. The second is a pair of magic shoes that let you jump 10 feet in the
air. The third is a magic toaster, which can take any item that you can fit
into it, and turn it into perfectly cooked toast (optionally with butter
and/or jam). 

"Choose wisely, for your quest and your village depend on you."

What would you like to do?

 1. Choose the magic whistle.
 2. Choose the magic shoes.
 3. Choose the magic toaster.
As you take the magic toaster from the wizard's hand, he disappears in a
puff of smoke. You decide that you should give the toaster a try before you
set off to deal with the dragon (after all, if you learned nothing else in
school, it was that testing is VERY important). 

Having not had any breakfast, you are quite hungry, so testing the toaster
seems like a great solution to two problems. You grab a rock off the
ground, stuff it in, and think of delicious toast with raspberry jam. A few
seconds later, out pops the most perfectly done toast with just the right
amount of butter and jam. Wow that is good! You spend a while longer
testing the toaster again and again "just to be sure". After you are
stuffed on toast, you start to wonder how this will help you with the
dragon. 

Putting that question in the back of your mind, you contemplate whether or
not you should get some help before you set out. On the one hand, if you go
alone, you might be able to better sneak into the dragon's lair. On the
other hand, help might be useful.

Fortunately for you, the two wisest people you know, Denevieve and Grew,
live in the next village over. Thinking about it for several minutes, you
decide whom to go to for help.

What would you like to do?

 1. Go to Denevieve for help.
 2. Go to Grew for help.
 3. Go alone.
After thinking about it for a bit, you decide that Denevieve is the better
choice. You go to her house and explain your quest. 

"Why don't we make some mimosas to go with the toast, and take them to the
dragon? That would surely placate him," she suggests. 

You agree that mimosas are a great idea. Of course, it seems like you
should probably make quite a lot of mimosas for a dragon. The two of you
set off to the local grocery store, Troll Foods (yes, run by real
trolls--but they are nice) and acquire supplies. You decide on 20 liters of
orange juice and 20 liters of sparkling wine.

You take the supplies back to your house and start making mimosas. As you
do this, you remember the most important thing you learned in Denevieve's
class: testing is important. The first mimosa is great, but you remember
that one test case is not enough. After 10 mimosas worth of test cases, you
are very sure that they are good, but also that you are really drunk. 

You take your remaining mimosas to the dragon's cave and call out to him 

"Hey dagron. I've gotss some drinkss and toasht for you."

The dragon slithers out of his cave intrigued by your offer. As you go to
make toast, you realize you are too drunk to operate your magic toaster. 

The dragon eats you instead, while sipping on a mimosa.

You have been eaten by a dragon.

Sorry, you have lost. Better luck next time!
