Welcome to choose your own adventure.
Get ready for the thrilling tale of dragons and brunches.
Will you get help from Grew and/or Denevieve?
Will you be eaten by a dragon?

Only you can decide....

What would you like to do?

 1. I am ready for this story!
One day, a strange old wizard comes to your village and tells you that
there is an evil dragon lurking in the hills. This wizard's story explains
why the village's goats and cows have been going missing lately.

The wizard tells you: "It is up to you, hero, to stop this dragon. Nobody
else in this village is foolish...errrr I mean brave enough to stop this
dragon." 

The wizard offers you a choice of one of three magic items to help you on
your quest. 

The first is a magic whistle that lets you make any bird call that you
want. The second is a pair of magic shoes that let you jump 10 feet in the
air. The third is a magic toaster, which can take any item that you can fit
into it, and turn it into perfectly cooked toast (optionally with butter
and/or jam). 

"Choose wisely, for your quest and your village depend on you."

What would you like to do?

 1. Choose the magic whistle.
 2. Choose the magic shoes.
 3. Choose the magic toaster.
As you take the magic whistle from the wizard's hand, he disappears in a
puff of smoke. You decide that you should give the whistle a try before you
set off to deal with the dragon (after all, if you learned nothing else in
school, it was that testing is VERY important). 

You think of a raven and blow on the whistle "CAW CAW CAW CAW". Then you
think of a chicken and blow "COCKADOODLEDOOOO". It seems like the whistle
works great, though you wonder how many different birds you can think of
and how they would help you deal with the dragon. 

Putting that question in the back of your mind, you contemplate whether or
not you should get some help before you set out. On the one hand, if you go
alone, you might be able to better sneak into the dragon's lair. On the
other hand, help might be useful.

Fortunately for you, the two wisest people you know, Denevieve and Grew,
live in the next village over. Thinking about it for several minutes, you
decide whom to go to for help.

What would you like to do?

 1. Go to Denevieve for help.
 2. Go to Grew for help.
 3. Go alone.
After thinking about it a bit, you decide that Denevieve is probably a
better choice. After all, her singing skills are likely to come in handy,
especially with your magic whistle. Maybe dragons can be tamed by choir
music and bird calls? That could be right, but you aren't sure--you slept
through that day of Magical Creature Biology class. 

After knocking on the door, Denevieve is surprised to hear about the dragon
threat but is happy to help you. After all, you were her best student and
tested every piece of code extensively and incrementally. Surely you can be
trusted with a quest about dragons.

The two of you set off into the hills and find the cave of the dragon. You
take a minute to confer about your musical options and come up with a short
list of three possible combinations to tame the dragon. 

What would you like to do?

 1. Silent Night, accompanied by raven calls
 2. Angels We Have Heard on High, accompanied by roosters crowing
 3. Bohemian Rhapsody, accompanied by the magestic call of a bald eagle
You take out your whistle and Denevieve starts to sing

"Mama, just killed a man"
"Put a gun against his head"
"Pulled my trigger, now he's dead"
"Mama, life had just begun"
"But now I've gone and thrown it all away"

As Denevieve sings and you make bird calls, the dragon comes out of his
cave looking quite amused. He sings along with you all for a while, but
when you hit "Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth"

the dragon roars "INDEED YOU DO! AND THE TRUTH IS YOU LOOK TASTY!"

The dragon eats you.

Sorry, you have lost. Better luck next time!
