As you bask in the morning light pouring through the bakery windows,
your breath is taken away by the stunning display of pastries in the case.

"What would you like?" The shop keeper ask cheerily.  Realizing you
have a long journey ahead of you, you decide it is best to order
one, but choosing is so hard.

What would you like to do?

1.Purchase a chocolate croissant.
2.Purchase an eclair.
3.Purchase a muffin.
You pay the baker, who puts your muffin into a bag,
and hands it to you.  He wishes you a good day.


What would you like to do?

1.Leave the store
As you leave the store, something feels...strange about the morning.
You aren't quite sure what, but you sense that something unusual
and strange is about to happen.  The street in front of you runs
east, out of town, or west deeper into town.  

What would you like to do?

1.Go east, out of town
2.Go west, into town
As you wander through town, you notice the blacksmith working on a
shiny, glowing sword.  He looks up from his work and says
"You look like the sort of hero who might need a sword?
Strange things in the air, can't go wrong with a sword.."
Checking your pockets, you find a few coins left after
your pastry purchase, but you would be broke if your
spent your money on the sword.

What would you like to do?

1.Buy the sword
2.Decline and head out of town
As you head out of town, you notice a shadow pass over you as
something large flies over your head.

What would you like to do?

1.Jump off the road and hide behind a large rock
2.Keep walking
Good thing you jumped behind a rock!  A large dragon swooped
down and landed on the road right where you just were.
The dragon looks hungry and ferocious...

What would you like to do?

1.Offer the dragon your last coins.
2.<UNAVAILABLE>
3.<UNAVAILABLE>
4.<UNAVAILABLE>
5.Throw the muffin at the dragon's nose and run for it!
6.Ask the dragon if he has heard any good jokes lately.
"Oh my! I'm so hungry, but I do love a good joke.   The
best one I've heard lately is
  Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?"

The dragon asks waiting a moment for you to reply.
"...because the P is silent?"  you guess.

"HAHAH YES!  I love that one.  Tell you what,
if you tell me a great joke in return, I'll go find
someone else to eat..."

What would you like to do?

1.What 80s band would sing "You have to fight for your right to lg(N) search?"
2.What do you call it when you see the same ghost twice?
3.Knock knock.
The dragon thinks for a moment then asks your
"Ok, what 80s band would sing 'You have to fight
for your right to lg(N) search?"

"The BST-boys!" you exclaim proudly.

Sadly, the dragon does not know about binary search trees,
80s bands, or Big-O, and does not find your joke funny,
so eats you.

Sorry, you have lost. Better luck next time!
