As you bask in the morning light pouring through the bakery windows,
your breath is taken away by the stunning display of pastries in the case.

"What would you like?" The shop keeper ask cheerily.  Realizing you
have a long journey ahead of you, you decide it is best to order
one, but choosing is so hard.

What would you like to do?

 1. Purchase a chocolate croissant.
 2. Purchase an eclair.
 3. Purchase a muffin.
You pay the baker, who carefully packs your eclair into a box
and hands it to you.  He wishes you a good day.


What would you like to do?

 1. Leave the store
As you leave the store, something feels...strange about the morning.
You aren't quite sure what, but you sense that something unusual
and strange is about to happen.  The street in front of you runs
east, out of town, or west deeper into town.  

What would you like to do?

 1. Go east, out of town
 2. Go west, into town
As you head out of town, you notice a shadow pass over you as
something large flies over your head.

What would you like to do?

 1. Jump off the road and hide behind a large rock
 2. Keep walking
Good thing you jumped behind a rock!  A large dragon swooped
down and landed on the road right where you just were.
The dragon looks hungry and ferocious...

What would you like to do?

 1. Offer the dragon your last coins.
 2. <UNAVAILABLE>
 3. <UNAVAILABLE>
 4. Squirt the eclair filling in the dragon's eye.
 5. <UNAVAILABLE>
 6. Ask the dragon if he has heard any good jokes lately.
You squirt the eclair filling right in the dragon's eyes!
The dragon can't see anything, but now you need
to quickly decide how to best take advantage of this situation.

What would you like to do?

 1. Fling your last coins at the dragon
 2. <UNAVAILABLE>
 3. Run for it!
 4. <UNAVAILABLE>
That choice is not available at this time, please try again
You start to run, but the remaining coins in your pocket
jangle loudly.  The dragon hears you and breathes fire
at you.

Sorry, you have lost. Better luck next time!
