Welcome to choose your own adventure.
Get ready for the thrilling tale of dragons and brunches.
Will you get help from Grew and/or Denevieve?
Will you be eaten by a dragon?

Only you can decide....

What would you like to do?

 1. I am ready for this story!
One day, a strange old wizard comes to your village and tells you that
there is an evil dragon lurking in the hills. This wizard's story explains
why the village's goats and cows have been going missing lately.

The wizard tells you: "It is up to you, hero, to stop this dragon. Nobody
else in this village is foolish...errrr I mean brave enough to stop this
dragon." 

The wizard offers you a choice of one of three magic items to help you on
your quest. 

The first is a magic whistle that lets you make any bird call that you
want. The second is a pair of magic shoes that let you jump 10 feet in the
air. The third is a magic toaster, which can take any item that you can fit
into it, and turn it into perfectly cooked toast (optionally with butter
and/or jam). 

"Choose wisely, for your quest and your village depend on you."

What would you like to do?

 1. Choose the magic whistle.
 2. Choose the magic shoes.
 3. Choose the magic toaster.
As you take the magic toaster from the wizard's hand, he disappears in a
puff of smoke. You decide that you should give the toaster a try before you
set off to deal with the dragon (after all, if you learned nothing else in
school, it was that testing is VERY important). 

Having not had any breakfast, you are quite hungry, so testing the toaster
seems like a great solution to two problems. You grab a rock off the
ground, stuff it in, and think of delicious toast with raspberry jam. A few
seconds later, out pops the most perfectly done toast with just the right
amount of butter and jam. Wow that is good! You spend a while longer
testing the toaster again and again "just to be sure". After you are
stuffed on toast, you start to wonder how this will help you with the
dragon. 

Putting that question in the back of your mind, you contemplate whether or
not you should get some help before you set out. On the one hand, if you go
alone, you might be able to better sneak into the dragon's lair. On the
other hand, help might be useful.

Fortunately for you, the two wisest people you know, Denevieve and Grew,
live in the next village over. Thinking about it for several minutes, you
decide whom to go to for help.

What would you like to do?

 1. Go to Denevieve for help.
 2. Go to Grew for help.
 3. Go alone.
That is not a valid choice, please try again
After thinking about it for a bit, you decide to go to Grew for help. When
you explain your quest, and that you have a magic toaster, Grew gets an
idea. 

"Well, dragons really love to eat, so lets just give them a better option
than the animals in the area!" Grew exclaims. He goes on to explain how you
will create the best all-you-can-eat brunch buffet ever. Grew will arrange
for berries, smoked salmon, pastries, and you will provide literally
all-you-can-eat toast with the magic toaster. 

You swing by Troll Foods, the local grocery store (yes, run by real
trolls--but they are nice trolls) and pick up the supplies: 10 kg of smoked
salmon, 20 kg of mixed berries, and 100 pastries.

Upon arriving at the dragon's cave, you lay out the buffet and start making
toast. The dragon is so happy with the food, and thrilled that he can make
all the toast he wants, that he agrees to stop eating people's farm
animals, on one condition: you and Grew have to come back each week and
have brunch with him.

You all live happily ever after.

Congratulations! You have won. Hooray!
