Welcome to choose your own adventure.
Get ready for the thrilling tale of dragons and brunches.
Will you get help from Grew and/or Denevieve?
Will you be eaten by a dragon?

Only you can decide....

What would you like to do?

 1. I am ready for this story!
One day, a strange old wizard comes to your village and tells you that
there is an evil dragon lurking in the hills. This wizard's story explains
why the village's goats and cows have been going missing lately.

The wizard tells you: "It is up to you, hero, to stop this dragon. Nobody
else in this village is foolish...errrr I mean brave enough to stop this
dragon." 

The wizard offers you a choice of one of three magic items to help you on
your quest. 

The first is a magic whistle that lets you make any bird call that you
want. The second is a pair of magic shoes that let you jump 10 feet in the
air. The third is a magic toaster, which can take any item that you can fit
into it, and turn it into perfectly cooked toast (optionally with butter
and/or jam). 

"Choose wisely, for your quest and your village depend on you."

What would you like to do?

 1. Choose the magic whistle.
 2. Choose the magic shoes.
 3. Choose the magic toaster.
As you take the magic shoes from the wizard's hand, he disappears in a puff
of smoke. You decide that you should give the shoes a try before you set
off to deal with the dragon (after all, if you learned nothing else in
school, it was that testing is VERY important). 

You put on the shoes and start jumping all over the village. As you bound
over fences and onto the roofs of small houses, your fellow villagers look
at you in awe. You are sure you could win any basketball game but are a
little more worried about how you will deal with a dragon.

Putting that question in the back of your mind, you contemplate whether or
not you should get some help before you set out. On the one hand, if you go
alone, you might be able to better sneak into the dragon's lair. On the
other hand, help might be useful.

Fortunately for you, the two wisest people you know, Denevieve and Grew,
live in the next village over. Thinking about it for several minutes, you
decide whom to go to for help.

What would you like to do?

 1. Go to Denevieve for help.
 2. Go to Grew for help.
 3. Go alone.
After thinking about it for a bit, you decide Denevieve is a better
choice. After all she teaches undergraduate Dynamics, so surely that can
help you fight a dragon? 

After you explain your quest and demonstrate your magic shoes, Denevieve
pulls out a whiteboard and explains how to make it work: 

"First, we need to model the dragon as a rigid body and your magic shoes as
a point mass. Then we apply Lagrange’s Equations and... hmm this would be
much easier if the dragon's cave were a frictionless surface, but we
probably can't assume that, so instead (she writes big complicated equation
and does a bunch of calculus)... Ok, you need to jump right here on the top
of the dragon's head." She says, indicating a point on the dragon's head in
her free-body diagram. 

The two of you set off to the dragon's cave, and you carefully jump at
exactly the right place while Denevieve distracts the dragon with a lecture
about Coulomb friction. Your mighty jump knocks the dragon
unconscious. While the dragon is passed out, you tie him up.

When the dragon wakes up, you work out an agreement where the dragon will
learn C++ programming and earn his food by writing software instead of
stealing it. 

Everyone lives happily ever after.

Congratulations! You have won. Hooray!
